young Will Shakespeare is having a bad
year his last two shows flopped huh
so the theater is about to go bankrupt
notice will be posted and the gangsters
are moving in the show must go on the
last thing he needs right now is a nasty
case of writer's block what's it called
rummy own Ethel the Pirates daughter
what is the story well there's this
pirate enter his very own Juliet where
she dream on will I heard you're a poet
I wasn't until now Shakespeare my heart
belongs you but I will marry Wessex a
week from Saturday she fell she will
breed if she do not send her back if I
do you have every gift you one kiss I
would defy a thousand of Wessex s
Miramax Films and Universal Pictures
present a truly romantic comedy of
errors sad woman is a woman the house is
stirring it is a new day it is a new
world
I will have poetry in my life and
adventure and love Gwyneth Paltrow
Joseph Fiennes Colin Firth Academy Award
winner Geoffrey Rush frankly enough it
all turns out well Academy Award winner
Ben Affleck what is the play and what is
my part and Academy Award nominee Judi
Dench as Queen Elizabeth keeping plucked
since I saw her last and not by you
takes a while to know it
Shakespeare in love
Romeo and Juliet trust a suggestion good
title
you